[creaking]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[clinks]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[clacking]
[whale calls]
[Det. Park] Hey, hey, hey!
Stop right there!
[indistinct chatter]
[startled gasp]
Hey!
[thuds]
[panting]
Hey, get off!
[detective] You're making it worse.
Stop resisting! Hold still!
[Jeong-il] What's your problem?
I didn't do anything wrong!
[detective] For a bastard who didn't do
anything wrong, you sure ran quickly.
-You ran because you know what you did.
-[Jeong-il grunting]
-[Det. Park] Yeah, come on.
-[panting]
Damn! Got a warrant, huh?
[Jeong-il] You got a warrant?
[detective] Oh, you wanna see
a warrant, huh?
You watched a few cop shows or something.
This is the real world. Move it, kid.
It's an illegal arrest
without a proper warrant.
"Illegal arrest"? Yeah, right. You don't
know what you're talking about, lady.
This is an emergency.
This man is a fugitive and we have
to arrest him for the public safety.
In these situations,
we don't need a warrant.
Am I being clear?
Even in emergency arrests,
Article 200-5 of the Criminal
Procedure Act applies.
"When arresting a suspect,
the prosecutor or judicial officer
shall notify the suspect
of the alleged crime,
reason for arrest, right to an attorney,
and a trial by jury."
They're called the Miranda Rights.
Am I being clear?
Oh, so I've been arrested illegally?
Police have illegally arrested a citizen!
You're all filming this, right?
[Jeong-il] Post it on all
your social media accounts.
Hey, you are interrupting
official police business.
What's wrong with you?
What, are you an attorney or something?
-Yes.
-Huh?
I'm Woo Young-woo,
a trial attorney at Hanbada Law.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
[scoffs]
[irked sigh]
-Park, just uncuff him.
-Huh?
Take them off!
[sighs]
Yeah.
[detective] Now, Mr. Yang Jeong-il.
You are under emergency arrest.
You have the right to remain silent,
the right to appoint an attorney,
and you have a right to request
a trial by jury.
-That work?
-It doesn't.
You didn't tell him the charges
for which he is being arrested.
[handcuffs clinking]
[lips smack]
Rape of a disabled person.
-Huh?
-[all gasp]
-What a monster.
-What a scumbag.
This piece of shit bastard
sexually assaulted a woman
with a mental disability!
So now, you happy?
[serious music playing]
CASE 10
HOLDING HANDS CAN WAIT
[pen clicking]
[door squeaks open]
[door closes]
Oh!
[Jeong-il] You really came!
Wow, thank you! Seriously.
This is great. I begged for my parents
to find me the famous attorney.
The Kayak Deed attorney.
You know you're like a celebrity?
You made the news!
The first autistic attorney
in the Republic of Korea, Kayak Deed!
My name is Woo Young-woo.
Ah, yeah, I know. I know.
[sniffles]
For some reason,
I just wanna call you Atty. Kayak Deed.
That okay?
Absolutely not. I am Atty. Woo Young-woo.
Okay, noona.
Mr. Yang Jeong-il.
You've been charged
with rape of a disabled person.
It's a very severe punishment
if you are convicted.
The minimum sentencing for committing rape
is three or more years in prison.
But when the victim has a disability,
you can be given a life sentence
or a minimum of seven years.
So maybe avoid talking
about stuff like "kayak deed."
You should be taking this
much more seriously.
Come on! I wouldn't rape anyone.
Sure, I might have had
an HN with FFY, but rape?
That is like hitting, swearing,
being violent with someone.
-"FFY"?
-"HN"?
Oh!
[chuckles]
It's a little pet name for Hye-yeong.
"FFY."
It's, uh, "Fool For Yang Jeong-il".
[Jeong-il] And "HN" means, well…
what you think.
[chuckles]
It means "Hot Night."
Tell me what on earth
made you pick the pet name of "fool"
for someone with a disability?
She calls me a fool too.
"FFH."
And that means "Fool For Hye-yeong".
-Hmm?
-[sighs]
If you want to match,
shouldn't it be "FFS"
since her name
is Shin Hye-yeong after all?
Or change her name to "FFJ" because--
Atty. Woo.
Is this really important?
[comical music playing]
It's not.
[exhales]
Hye-yeong and I, we love one another.
So a… a rape? Well, it's…
It's not like that, okay?
We know you didn't use
any sort of violence or threats
on Ms. Shin to engage
in sexual intercourse with her
largely because Ms. Shin Hye-yeong
has said as much
during the police investigation.
[Young-woo] But a sex offense can be
established even if there was no force.
The charge is called quasi-rape.
And so the Act on Special Cases Concerning
the Punishment of Sexual Crimes--
Ah! The PSC!
I know that one! The judge mentioned it.
Paragraph 4 of Article 6 says,
"A person who has sexual intercourse
with another person by taking advantage
of a person's difficulty in resisting
due to physical or mental disability
can still be punished."
In court, the prosecution is going
to assert that you took advantage
of Shin Hye-yeong's
intellectual disability.
How did I take advantage of her?
I'm really not that kind of guy!
On your suggestion,
Shin Hye-yeong opened up a credit card,
so every time you went on a date,
she covered the expenses
which amounts to millions of won.
[Su-yeon] That's not
taking advantage to you?
Noona.
[exasperated sigh]
Hye-yeong is very well-off.
A rich woman who treats
her younger boyfriend is somehow illegal?
[sighs]
Why did you join Eoulrim when you
don't even have a disability, though?
[Su-yeon] Their social media pages
introduces the group,
"As a gathering
of people with intellectual
and developmental disabilities,
and autism."
I was trying to give back.
Groups like that often need
lots of volunteers.
So when I met Hye-yeong, I was a member.
[deep breath]
It was true love at first sight.
[serious music playing]
[sighs]
Oh, come on.
Why doesn't anybody believe me?
Is it so hard to understand
someone who has
an intellectual disability and loves…
Loves a man like me?
[hums]
And who is saying that? We are here to--
People with disabilities
are kind and pure.
They're people who deserve to be loved.
Atty. Kayak Deed would know.
[Jeong-il] Right, noona?
[sighs]
Wow!
Where did you find
such a troublesome case like this one?
On the subway, while I was
on the blue line this morning.
[documents thud]
[exhales]
I'm picturing what must have happened.
Atty. Woo, you spatted off
about illegal arrests this
and warrant that, didn't you?
[Myeong-seok] You did.
This is why they say
it's bad to reveal you're an attorney.
I understand.
From now on, I'll be sure
not to reveal that I'm an attorney.
[lips smack, sucks teeth]
Now, sexual assault
mostly happens in private, right?
So usually, all we have to work with
is the victim's statement.
So what approach do you think
best helps the defendant?
Taking the victim's statement
and discrediting it.
But this victim has a disability.
Isn't it obvious?
You'll probably find
the victim's statement
riddled with inconsistencies.
[Myeong-seok] So keep all this in mind.
You'll still have to dismantle
the credibility of the victim's statement.
Professionally, this isn't…
pleasant, you know.
Sir, what if we decided
to drop this case right now?
It will be cheaper for him
to get a smaller law firm
than Hanbada for this too.
And it feels like it might be
a better plan for Yang Jeong-il's parents.
That might not be a bad idea.
Uh, Atty. Woo?
[Myeong-seok] What do you think?
Well, I, um…
I think I want to defend Yang Jeong-il.
Why?
What he's saying could be true.
[scoffs]
You believed all of that… nonsense?
Well…
I wanna believe.
I really wanna believe
that everything he's saying is the truth.
That they're in love.
[sighs]
[deep exhale]
Well, if you want to believe him so badly,
you should defend him.
Proceed.
Okay.
Atty. Choi, you're gonna join her.
What?
You're aware how emotional one can get
when they want to believe the defendant.
You understand, right?
[grunts in agreement]
Atty. Choi, you join Atty. Woo.
Stay by her side
and "whoa, whoa" her down.
"Whoa, whoa"?
Whoa, whoa. You got it?
[hums in agreement]
[Geu-ra-mi] What? No way.
Hey! I wanna know more.
The air, sunlight, clouds,
speed of the wind, temperature, humidity,
tell me everything.
Mm, okay.
I do like you.
[gentle music playing]
I like you so much.
It feels like…
[panting]
…my stomach's in knots.
[comical music playing]
[exhales, grunts]
-[exclaims, laughs]
-[grunts]
His stomach is in knots
because he likes you!
Call a love doctor! An ambulance now!
Hello? Is this 911?
What? Our friend here
has a love emergency.
[both laughing]
[moans]
Thing is, afterwards,
after liking each other,
what do I do next?
How did you respond to him after?
He said he liked you
and then what happened?
Hmm…
[waves crash]
[footsteps]
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Yeoksam-yo.
[gasps]
Yeoksam-yo Station.
Atty. Woo!
[frantic music playing]
[deep exhale]
So when he expressed that to you,
you just turned and ran away?
[sighs]
You dined and dashed.
She dined and dashed on love. A man-eater.
At the time, my mind went blank,
so I wanted to run away, but, um, I…
was rude. Was I rude?
You weren't rude as much as you were--
It's more like you were weird.
[unsure hum]
Ah, don't you worry.
But you have to fix it
or it will get even worse.
How do I fix it?
See each other exclusively.
Hey, you can't just lock someone down
because they expressed their feelings.
You have to get familiar
with each other first
and go on dates together.
-[Min-sik chuckles]
-What are dates all about?
You don't know?
Well, it's easy.
Maybe grab food. Or go have tea.
[Min-sik] Uh, watching movies,
go to karaoke.
Things you believe
would be fun to do together.
There's plenty if you
think about them, hmm?
[Geu-ra-mi sucks teeth]
Wow!
Look at Hairy Boss here. You know
some things, eh? For a bachelor.
[Geu-ra-mi] Do you go on imaginary dates?
Mm…
I'm putting a more
progressive foot forward.
If you know someone nice, let me know.
I guarantee I'll win him over.
You'll win him over progressively?
I can suggest someone.
[lightbulb dings]
He knows a whole lot about being nice.
He pulls out seats, opens doors,
walks on the inside
of the street when walking together,
and carries their things.
Really?
Can I introduce you
to a girl friend of mine?
-What?
-Hey, Young-woo!
What about me?
She's an angel like spring sunshine
who recently said that she
will progressively win over a good guy.
"Progressively, win over good guy,
spring sunshine, angel"?
Whoa, she sounds great. Yeah.
[chuckles]
Yo! And me?
Huh? And me?
You, um… Mm…
[Min-sik taps]
Hey.
So when is this gonna be happening?
I gotta lose some weight.
[Geu-ra-mi] Wait! Me first. Me!
Ungh…
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
[prosecutor] That is all.
-[button clicks]
-[judge] Counselor.
Give your opening statements.
[Jeong-il] Hey!
Can Atty. Kayak Deed say something?
What?
Everyone here is glaring at us.
But if they know you're my attorney,
maybe they'll stop.
-What?
-Uh, he might have a point here.
Atty. Woo, I want you
to give all of the statements.
To give the trial less
of a critical eye on disability.
[judge] Are you not giving your statement?
Uh, yes. We'll get started right away.
Your first trial,
you remember what you said?
You opened with a statement on autism.
[serious music playing]
I have autistic spectrum disorder.
[indistinct chatter]
[chatter loudens]
Uh…
So please excuse me if my speech
is inarticulate or my action's awkward.
Hmm…
JURY
[scoffs]
The defendant strongly denies
all charges in this matter.
Defendant, Yang Jeong-il,
and victim, Shin Hye-yeong
are truly in love and engaged
in consensual intercourse.
-[all gasp]
-Stop lying!
-[man 1] Lies!
-[woman 1] How is that love?
-You take that back!
-That makes no sense!
[woman 2] He's a monster!
-[judge] Silence in the court!
-Make him pay!
You don't know courtroom etiquette?
Yang Jeong-il and Shin Hye-yeong
had used an app
which was developed
for couples called Lovey Dovey.
On March 13th, the two
used the chat function of Lovey Dovey
and they had the following conversation.
[remote beeps]
"FFH" is the defendant's pet name,
which means "Fool For Hye-yeong,"
and "FFY" is the victim's pet name,
which means "Fool For Yang Jeong-il."
It's unfortunate that they did not match
the two by either last or first name.
Anyway, look closely
at their conversation, please.
FFH: FFY, DID YOU SLEEP WELL?
DO YOU WANT TO GO TO THE CK AND CFDT?
"Go to the CK and CFDT?"
"CK" means "Coin Karaoke."
"CFDT" means "Chicken For Dinner Tonight?"
They're abbreviations.
"HN" is an abbreviation
of "Hot Night," referring to intercourse.
-[sighs]
-[indistinct chatter]
And "Shine, shine," what's that about?
"Shine, shine"? Uh…
[Young-woo] Hmm? Oh!
Are you referring to the "Shiii shiii"
that comes after
"Ah, I don't know, I don't know"?
Oh!
So "Shiii, shiii" is what it means.
[Young-woo] Yes, I think
it's a modification of the word "shy."
Similar modifications are
"When will you be dun?" and "I miss you."
I get those.
No need to explain it to me.
[Young-woo] The prosecution claims
based on Ms. Shin Hye-yeong's statement
that the day before
these chat messages on March 12th,
Yang Jeong-il
sexually assaulted Shin Hye-yeong.
But does this chat
that starts with "Did you sleep well?"
and finishes up with "I miss you"
seem like a chat
between a sexual assault victim
and the assailant?
Wouldn't you consider
this chat to be wholesome
between a couple
who are madly in love with each other?
You have to read between the lines!
Calling each other
by pet names, saying "I miss you."
Is that what love is about?
That gigolo over there seduced Hye-yeong
then went to karaoke and ate chicken!
[sucks teeth]
Went to motels!
He was just enjoying himself!
[judge] What's wrong with everyone today?
If you speak up without permission,
you'll be removed.
Your Honor, please excuse her outburst.
She is the victim's mother.
[prosecutor] It was wrong of her
to speak without your permission.
See how this bastard played my daughter?
All of these texts
shown here today, really?
It's so full of love, is it?
How can you be an attorney
when you can't even
tell the difference, huh?
[judge] Ma'am!
I said to be quiet!
[exasperated exhale]
[somber music playing]
[Min-woo] Atty. Woo?
Yeah. Last time
you said you had information.
It was about Woo.
Oh, right. That's nothing.
Hey, come on now.
I can tell from your face
it's more than nothing.
[deep inhale]
Well…
Someone posted
on Hanbada's online bulletin board
that the CEO went to school
with Atty. Woo's father,
and that her job at Hanbada was…
was handed to her, you know.
[deep breath]
That's it?
Huh? Yes.
[deep inhale]
There's nothing you have on Tae Su-mi?
"Tae Su-mi"?
They say Atty. Woo is…
is Tae Su-mi's, uh… She's her daughter.
What?
[mysterious music playing]
Who said… Wait. Who said that?
Uh, do you…
Do you still like me?
Yes, I do.
I was hurt
when you took off like that before.
Oh.
About that…
Um, I…
I am so sorry.
[snickers]
If you do still like me…
[pensive hum]
…what if we go out on some dates
to get to know one another
before becoming a couple?
Yes, that sounds good.
[chuckles]
[rustles]
I researched things to do on dates
and then I made a list.
THINGS TO DO ON DATES
[Jun-ho] Wow!
There's a lot.
-Yeah.
-Hmm…
I don't see "take me home" on here.
Hmm? Well, it's not.
Oh, yeah?
Should I add it?
Because I'm gonna walk you home tonight.
Ah!
Add it.
-Okay.
-Let's go.
Um, well, where's
"holding hands while walking home"
on this well-researched list of yours?
Well, you see, even if it was on there,
holding hands is very hard for me.
My father liked to hold hands too,
but my maximum tolerance for it
was only 57 seconds.
Oh, really?
What happens after 57 seconds?
I wanna let go. It gets to the point
where it's unbearable if I don't.
Ah, I see.
-Do you want to hold hands even if…
-Hmm?
…it's only for 57 seconds?
I do. Are you sure?
Mm…
Hmm.
[eager exhale]
[chuckles]
Huh?
[button clicks]
[romantic music playing]
Ah! I can't. I, uh…
Ah.
Okay.
I am sorry.
No, it's really okay.
Let's just do "take me home" for this day.
Holding hands can wait.
"Holding hands can wait."
[chuckles]
[prosecutor] What is the exact degree
of the victim's intellectual disability?
Hmm…
Ms. Shin Hye-yeong
has a mild disability with an IQ of 65.
[psychiatrist] With guidance, she is able
to have a social life and keep a job.
She has the understanding
of a 13-year-old,
so around that of a 6th grader,
developmentally speaking.
This is the victim's statement
written during the police interview.
You've reviewed this.
Oh!
As a psychiatrist, how do you feel
about the victim's statement?
[psychiatrist]
Overall, it has credibility.
She gives a detailed account
of the circumstances
at the time of the assault.
My feeling is that her statement
is consistent
with her thoughts and emotions.
The victim's thoughts and emotions?
Like what for instance?
"When the sex began,
I started to feel bad.
I was scared.
I didn't like it because I thought
I'd get in trouble with Mom."
[psychiatrist] You can see
she's expressing herself clearly.
Can you please explain to us why
the victim
didn't just reject his advances?
Well, the reason is right in the statement
without my having to make
an educated guess.
[psychiatrist] "I said no
and he got upset. He started crying.
He said it wasn't true love."
People with intellectual disabilities
are especially vulnerable to violence
when someone takes advantage
of intimacy or feigns affection.
The victim seems to have been afraid
that she might lose this relationship
if she denied the unwanted sex.
Hmm. And it's highly likely she wouldn't
have even known how to refuse.
[sighs]
[prosecutor] Thank you. That is all.
Counselor, begin cross-examination.
Did you see the chats
between the defendant
and Ms. Shin Hye-yeong?
I haven't seen them, no.
According to the prosecution,
the rape of Shin Hye-yeong
happened sometime during the day
on the 12th of March.
That day, Shin Hye-yeong said
the following to the defendant
through an online chat.
[Su-yeon] Could you read
the underlined sentences?
"I love you. I miss you.
I've been waiting for you
to text me for a while now.
Let's be together forever."
Affections and expressions like these
are seen other than on March the 12th.
Most of the chat is full
of Ms. Shin Hye-yeong's expressions
of love for the defendant.
These messages continued
up until the defendant
was arrested and no longer able to chat.
What do you think?
Does this change your mind at all?
I think it's…
quite heartbreaking, if I'm honest.
Pardon?
We all want to love someone
and be loved by someone.
That doesn't change
with intellectual disabilities.
[psychiatrist] Rather, the need
for love is even greater.
Because much of the time,
it's harder for them to receive the amount
of affection they want from others.
Can't you tell from Ms. Shin Hye-yeong's
earnest expressions of love here?
[papers rustling]
The issue for individuals
who live with intellectual disabilities
is that there are situations
where they mistake
an impure motive for real affection.
Their ability to discern between normal
and improper relationships is lacking.
In my opinion, it's hard to say
that Shin Hye-yeong
has sound decision-making skills
when it comes to sex.
Ah! Just a moment ago, you said
Shin Hye-yeong's statement
was both consistent and credible.
But now you're saying
she can't tell the difference
between normal and improper relationships?
So she can write
a credible statement to police
but she can't decide
for herself regarding sex.
[scoffs]
That opinion is a little vague?
What exactly is Ms. Hye-yeong's condition?
I am…
talking about the ability
to protect oneself from harm.
[psychiatrist] Anyone can experience
what they thought
was a loving relationship
turn out to be a fraud,
deception, and violence.
But most people can protect themselves
even if they go through
such a terrible thing.
By trying not to repeat the same mistake.
But it's different if you have
a disability like Shin Hye-yeong does.
It's true she can make credible statements
about a past situation,
but having the power to protect herself
from the defendant's
malicious intent is lacking.
So no, I don't think
that any part
of my opinion is contradictory.
[sighs]
[somber music playing]
[gentle music playing]
Do you have something to say?
Yes, yes.
Uh, uh…
[mother yelling]
Hye-yeong!
Shin Hye-yeong!
[heels clacking]
Um…
I'm all alone when I'm at the BA.
What are you doing by yourself?
[exhales, sucks teeth]
"BA"?
[Su-yeon] Young-woo.
[sighs]
The prosecutor just said
that Yang Jeong-il
has a similar prior offense.
Huh?
It looks like he's been investigated
for dating a disabled person
at an organization similar to Eoulrim.
[exhales]
Hmm, yeah?
But why was his criminal record blank
if this is correct?
It wasn't a sexual assault charge.
At the time, he was accused
of spending a lot of her money
going on dates.
[Su-yeon exhales]
Yang Jeong-il paid her back
and settled with the victim,
which is why the prosecutor
didn't take the case to court.
When did this happen?
Not that long ago, actually.
It was just last year.
Um…
I have to go meet Yang Jeong-il.
[exhales]
[Young-woo] Is this true?
Uh, look, noona…
Defendant.
Please stop calling Atty. Woo noona.
It's not appropriate.
[sighs]
Atty. Woo--
You said you were truly in love
with Shin Hye-yeong.
You claimed it was love at first sight
like you never thought it could be.
Of course! And every word has been true.
Are you volunteering with these groups
only to look for a disabled person
who you can con
into using for your selfish desires?
And was last year
even the first time you did this?
How many victims
are there before Shin Hye-yeong?
"How many victims?"
How could you say that?
I am really not a bad person!
There's no reason for me
to continue defending you.
If you and Shin Hye-yeong aren't in love,
then I am resigning.
What? Atty. Woo.
Atty. Woo!
We are no longer representing you.
Hye-yeong and I…
We really are in love!
But true love
doesn't have to be your first love.
I am begging.
Please?
Please just believe me. Please.
[somber music playing]
[Jun-ho] You're really going to resign
from Yang Jeong-il's case?
[Young-woo] Yes, I'm going
to talk to Atty. Jung tomorrow
and submit my resignation.
[Jun-ho sighs]
I see.
[Young-woo] Have you heard
the saying that lovers who walk
the Stonewall Walkway break up?
[Jun-ho] No. Is that what people say?
Yes. In the past, the Seoul Family Court
and the Supreme Court
were at the north end of the Walkway.
Apparently, the saying originates
from having to walk down
the walkway to divorce court.
Hey, hang on.
Don't you think
we should stop walking, then?
Uh…
[chuckles]
Oh, you believe in such things?
[Young-woo] There's no scientific proof.
Besides, the Seoul Family Court
moved to Seocho-dong in '95,
and then again to Yangjae-dong in 2012
along with the Administrative Court, and--
[Ga-yeong] Jun-ho!
I can't believe I'm running into you
like this again. What a coincidence.
Right? Long time no see, Jun-ho.
Jeez! I wondered where you went off to.
Oh, how are you guys doing?
Oh!
Isn't she from…
Nanuri?
[sighs]
I told you it's not like that.
Ah, it's not? So…
[serious exhale]
I'm on a date right now.
-What?
-Ah!
We are on a date.
Walking down Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway.
She's someone I work with,
Atty. Woo Young-woo.
Say hi.
Hello, my name is Woo Young-woo.
Whether it's read straight or flipped,
it's still Woo Young-woo.
Kayak, deed, rotator,
noon, racecar, Woo Young-woo.
Uh…
Right.
Hi there.
[Ga-yeong] Nice to meet you.
ASK DOCTORS ABOUT MEDICINE
AND BARISTAS ABOUT COFFEE
[whale calls]
[wind blows]
[splashes]
"FFY" is "Fool For Yang Jeong-il."
Meanwhile, "FFH"
is "Fool For Shin Hye-yeong."
"HN" is "Hot Night."
"PSC" is for the
"Punishment of Sexual Crimes."
"CK" is "Coin Karaoke."
"CFDT" is "Chicken For Dinner Tonight?"
Um, Atty. Woo?
Then "BA" must be…
-Barista Academy!
-What?
According to the chat,
Shin Hye-yeong started going
to a barista academy a few months ago.
She told me when she goes,
she's alone without her mother.
Hmm…
The academy is on Jongno 3-ga,
and her classes are Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday, ending at nine.
-Oh!
-[plastic crinkles]
[gasps]
We, we… we have to go now.
It's the only way to meet Shin Hye-yeong.
Atty. Woo! Hey, wait for me!
[Jun-ho] Hey, hey, hey!
Let's get drinks sometime. I'll call you.
Uh, Atty. Woo!
Hey! Wait up!
[indistinct chatter]
[Young-woo] Ms. Shin!
COOL BARISTA ACADEMY
Ms. Shin, what was it
you wanted to say to me?
That I am in love.
-Hmm? What?
-What?
Just please don't send him to jail.
Oh, oh.
You mean Mr. Yang Jeong-il?
Yes, yes.
Uh…
So you don't want us to send him
to jail to be convicted in court?
Yes, yes.
Yeah. But we, uh…
Well, you gave a statement
saying that he sexually assaulted you.
-He didn't sexually assault me!
-He didn't sexually assault you?
My mom made me say that before.
My mom hates most men.
She thinks they're gigolo bastards.
Uh, but Yang Jeong-il is, um…
Well, he seems
like a gigolo and a bastard.
Yes, yes.
What?
So you knew that Yang Jeong-il
is a gigolo and a bastard?
Yes, yes.
You know that.
But you still love the guy?
Yes, yes.
Is that something not allowed?
Ungh…
Uh, uh, no.
That should be allowed.
Can you please not send FFH away to jail?
I'm begging you.
[sighs]
Then can you please testify at the trial
and say everything
that you just said to me?
Gigolo-like bastard?
-Yes, yes?
-Hmm?
Uh, you just said you don't want
Mr. Yang to go to jail, right?
Yes, yes.
Would you be willing to take the stand
and say that in the court?
Ah…
[hesitant exhale]
What if my mom says no to this plan?
You can still testify in court
even if, well, your mother says not to.
You are 27 years old and you can make
your own decisions now, okay?
As you know, Yang Jeong-il is…
a gigolo and a bastard.
He's a bad guy.
Yes, yes.
But even disabled people
should have the freedom
to fall in love with a bad guy.
Whether you have experienced
true love or sexual assault,
it's up to you to make the judgment call.
Don't allow your mother
or the court system
to make the call for you.
[deep breath]
I mean, why are men always so obsessed
with my salary and savings account?
Another guy asked for my birthday
to check our compatibility.
And my last blind date asked about my dad
and we talked about him the entire date.
Ugh!
I want a relationship
with a good man already.
Is that too much to ask?
[friend] I think these guys
you're going out with
are only interested in marriage.
Why don't you try clubbing
instead of the blind date thing?
Ew, I don't want to go clubbing.
Clubs are only for one-night stands.
[friend] Hey, what's wrong
with a one-night stand?
You only live once, right?
Get out there and enjoy it.
I just got here.
We'll talk later. See you.
[exhales]
Okay, breathe. Just breathe.
You'll get through this.
[deep breath]
Oh, hi.
Have a seat. Yes.
[soft giggle]
Uh…
[snickers]
A pleasure to meet you.
Uh, I'm Kim Min-sickly prickly.
Ouch! There it is!
[comical music playing]
Sickly prickly.
[chuckles]
Uh…
[awkward chuckle]
I'm Choi Su-yeon.
This is a really nice place.
Yes, right.
Oh, you mentioned
you live nearby, isn't that so?
I made a reservation here
because it's in the neighborhood.
Uh, I live in Bundang, actually.
I do work nearby.
Oh, oh! Is that right? Yeah.
Oh, um…
I bet there's some really
great bread where you live.
-What?
-"Bun, dang."
-[Min-sik chuckles]
-Bun…
Ah… Ah!
Bun, dang?
[wind blows]
Bundang.
[cackles]
Um…
Wanna look at the menu first?
Oh, yes, of course.
Wow, they have a salad of oranges.
Orange you glad that we went out tonight?
[Min-sik laughs]
I wonder.
Would I be cheesy
if I added parmesan to the pizza?
Would you like banana cake for dessert?
Banana?
Don't you find it "a-peeling"?
[Min-sik laughs]
[Su-yeon] Uh…
Oh, wow.
I heard you're a cook
and you started off making food jokes.
Oh! Oh, did I really?
It must come with the job.
I didn't even realize.
Is that a poodle eating noodles?
Don't cry over a poodle noodles.
[cackles]
[awkward chuckle]
[phone vibrates]
Take it.
Ah, it's not important.
I'll call back later.
I insist. I beg you to take it right now.
Are you sure?
Mm-hmm.
What is it?
Hairy Boss, I want some suyuk.
How's it made?
What are you making suyuk?
Hang up! I'm busy!
No, I'm not busy.
Hold on. It's bay leaves and what else?
Chilies?
Why would you put chilies in suyuk?
I'm sorry. It's my employee.
[chuckles]
[tense music playing]
What? The… the house is on fire?
Stay there. I'll take care of it!
Uh, so sorry, but there's this big fire
at my house, and I think I should go.
I know you made time
to have dinner with me. I'm so sorry.
Well, don't go into the fire.
Ah, it's chili paste!
Huh?
Hairy Boss, are you still there?
Yeah.
I just got ditched.
Hmm? Already?
What did you do that got you ditched?
Did you fart?
[chuckles]
I don't know.
Why was I ditched? It's not like
we were having dinner in a ditch.
[Min-sik laughs over the phone]
What the…
[friend] Su-yeon?
-We're clubbing. Get ready.
-[friend] What?
You just said we only live once, remember?
And we need to go enjoy it, right?
Let's go crazy tonight!
-[crowd cheering]
-[dance music playing]
So what kind of guy is your type?
What are you looking for?
Yeah. Tell us. Come on.
What do you mean
when you say "a good guy"?
I mean, it's not like I'm demanding a lot.
He should be tall enough.
Broad shoulders like he works out.
That is key, yeah.
Has a bright smile.
[taps]
Him?
Girlfriend, that guy,
he keeps on checking you out.
Me?
Hey, he's coming. He's coming.
He's coming. Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Get back here!
The music's good, right?
Mm-hmm. Ah…
The music.
[shy chuckle]
Yeah.
[clinks]
Mm…
Thanks for coming back
and for staying on as my attorney.
Huh?
It's not for your sake.
It's for Ms. Shin Hye-yeong's sake.
The person you should be thanking
is that sweet girl.
You smell like alcohol.
[Young-woo] And that's yesterday's outfit.
Be quiet.
-How was the date?
-It didn't work out.
-[door opens]
-[bailiff] All rise.
[door closes]
You may be seated.
-[button clicks]
-Defendant.
It seems that you requested
the victim as your next witness.
Yes, Ms. Shin Hye-yeong expressed her wish
to testify in court through our attorney.
Excuse me, Your Honor.
Will you please take into consideration
that this is a case of sexual assault,
and it might be difficult
for the victim to face the defendant?
I request the defendant be removed,
so the victim can testify freely.
Thank you, counselor. I agree.
Defendant, you'll be removed
from the courtroom
during witness questioning.
[somber music playing]
[button clicks]
[judge] Ms. Shin Hye-yeong.
Approach the stand.
"On my conscience,
I solemnly swear I will make
the statement without concealments
speaking nothing but the truth
and that any false statement
is punishable by law
as the crime of perjury."
Counselor, you may begin questioning.
Do you want Yang Jeong-il to be punished
for the crime of sexually assaulting you?
-Yes, yes.
-What?
[indistinct chatter]
So you want Yang Jeong-il
to end up in a jail cell?
Oh, I don't. I don't.
Um…
And why not?
Because I love him.
[startled muttering]
[dramatic music playing]
Witness, are you saying
that you love Yang Jeong-il?
Yes, yes.
FFY and FFH are in love with each other.
So the sex that you and the defendant had
on the 12th of March 2022,
was that also consensual intercourse
between two people
who you love each other?
Yes, yes.
So you're saying it wasn't sexual assault?
[Young-woo] Then during
the police investigation,
why did you state that Yang Jeong-il
sexually assaulted you?
Uh…
[scratches]
I don't know.
Did your mother
perhaps tell you to make that statement?
-[button clicks]
-Objection. Leading the witness.
Objection overruled.
[judge] Counselor,
continue your questioning.
Your own mother told you to state that
you had been violently
sexually assaulted, is that correct?
Uh, just…
[sighs]
I beg you.
Please don't let FFH go to jail.
[indistinct muttering]
[sighs]
That is all.
[button clicks]
[judge] Prosecution,
begin cross-examination.
Ms. Shin.
You said you love Yang Jeong-il, right?
Yes, yes.
What is love?
Can you define it to me?
[Hye-yeong] Uh…
Define it?
Um…
-Uh, love…
-[hard thump]
[Su-yeon] Objection!
What's the point of this?
It's hard for anybody to answer
such a vague
and abstract question, Your Honor.
Okay, well, I'll be more specific.
Ms. Shin, do you know
what sexual intercourse is?
Yes, yes.
[prosecutor] Do you know
what sexual assault is?
[Hye-yeong] Yes, yes.
Go on. What is the difference, then?
How are sexual intercourse
and sexual assault different?
Uh…
[Hye-yeong] Ungh…
An adult…
Uh…
[scratches]
-[scratching continues]
-[disturbed moan]
[sighs]
Ms. Shin, let me ask a different question.
Could you open your eyes?
On March 12th of this year,
after leaving the motel
where you were with the defendant,
you went directly home,
according to your statement,
is that right?
Yes, yes.
And once you got home,
you went straight up to your bedroom
where you scratched
the back of your left hand
with your right hand so hard
that you drew blood.
Am I correct?
Yes, yes.
[remote beeps]
This is a picture
of Ms. Shin's hand taken that day.
[indistinct muttering]
[sighs]
Why did you do this?
Uh…
That is because…
It was because--
Weren't you extremely stressed
from the defendant's
one-sided sexual advances?
-[button clicks]
-Objection!
The fact that you didn't stop yourself
until your mother found you
and took you to the hospital
shows how taxing the mental aftereffect
of the defendant's
sexual assault was, doesn't it?
Objection!
Scratching the back of her hand
is just a personal habit of the victim.
It's speculative of the prosecution to say
that it was caused by the defendant.
Is the prosecution
asking the witness questions
or projecting her own speculations?
[tense music playing]
[shaky breathing]
Mom, I don't wanna do this.
No, Mom…
[weeps]
[mother] Hye-yeong.
Are you okay?
Come here.
It's all right.
Calm down, Hye-yeong.
It's okay, sweetie.
Hey, you!
You have autism?
What?
What's this about? You think you know
every disabled person's feelings?
To spew that bullshit in the courtroom
having the freedom to love a bad guy?
Um, Ma'am, let's take a second to breathe.
Whatever you have to say
you can say it to me, okay?
Back off, all right?
I have to protect my daughter
from this messed-up world.
[mother] I have to protect my baby
from the evil bastards
who try to take
my child's body, mind, and money,
who swoop in the second
they think she's soft!
You can't imagine how a mother feels!
But a disabled person's right to love?
What are you talking about?
Autism is nothing like her disability!
Is my child's disability
the same as yours?
Please take your lame attempt
at empathizing elsewhere.
It is disgusting. You understand?
[gasps]
"It is disgusting. You understand?"
[Young-woo whimpering]
[Jun-ho's friend exhales]
[friend 1] Hey, Jun-ho.
Let me meet this girl you're dating.
Why not invite her
over here next time, huh?
I will. I'll invite her here
the next time, all right?
Hey, are you really sure about this?
I mean, even if she's an attorney,
think it through.
-What?
-Well, hey, forget about us, man.
Can you really tell your parents
that you're dating someone like her?
Jeez. What do you mean
by "someone like her"?
Why you gotta say it like that, hmm?
[sighs]
I mean…
Honestly, it's…
Well, it's just…
What about this girl?
-What's going on? Tell me.
-Hey, um, lay off, you know.
Come on, just tell me
what's something going on.
You know, Jun-ho's always been so nice.
[Ga-yeong] It's because he's nice.
He's a nice guy.
Hey, guys. I'm gonna get going.
I really don't know
what any of you are talking about.
-Hey, come on!
-Don't go!
-[friend 2] Sit down.
-[friend 3] Okay.
-Let go.
-Okay, okay.
Hey, I've been…
[sighs]
I've done it.
And it's… It's not love.
-What?
-Dating some poor girl you wanna help.
That's not love.
[friend 1] That's…
sympathy.
Hey, now stop it. Hmm? Shh!
Right. Hey, you are drunk.
He's drunk. Let's move on.
"Some poor girl you wanna help"?
[friend 2] Man, who…
who is this charity case?
Come on, tell me, who's so pathetic?
Stop them! Oh!
Hey, enough! Hey! Stop it!
-Get off!
You ungrateful little bastard!
-[friend 1] I'm just looking out for you.
-What did you say, huh?
You're full of shit, you asshole!
-Let me teach him a lesson.
-That's enough!
-Come here! Come get some!
-Wait, hey!
-I'll beat your ass. Come here!
-Wait, wait!
[satisfied exhale]
Booze gets sweeter with every shot.
[chuckles]
-It does.
-Yeah, yeah.
-Tell me, Atty. Kim. Uh…
-Yep?
Didn't you go to school
with Atty. Tae Su-mi who is at Taesan?
"Tae Su-mi"?
Sure, sure. We went to school together.
Right.
Well, I heard some, uh,
preposterous rumor about her.
-What rumor?
-Well…
That Attorney Tae has a…
a kid hidden somewhere.
[gasps]
Ah, that.
[chuckles]
Yeah, sure.
[Atty. Kim] She has a kid?
No way.
But you know about it, though.
Yeah, that's just an old rumor.
[giggles]
That's funny.
It started when she was in university.
Out of nowhere, she suddenly moved
overseas to study.
-I see.
-Well, Su-mi is from a good family,
so that kind of thing wasn't unusual.
But she went to the United States.
That was an opportunity anyone would take.
She came home for graduation
and passed the bar exam here in Korea.
That's all. She went abroad for a while.
Right.
Then, later on,
that's when people started talking
and the rumors really took hold.
I don't know.
People and their imaginations.
[Atty. Kim] Su-mi have a kid?
Jeez. Craziness.
Uh, Atty. Kim, do you…
recall what year it was
when Atty. Tae took a break from school?
Well, let me see.
Uh…
I was 24. It was before I joined the army.
So maybe, hmm… Maybe 1996.
Ah, so '96 would be…
26 years ago, right?
Oh, whoa, '96 was over 26 years ago now?
Yeah.
[Atty. Kim chuckles]
Hey, time really does fly.
If I had ended up with Yeong-suk back then
and had a kid,
they'd be around 27 now, right?
Sure.
Most of the female rookies who joined
the firm this year are that age.
Ah, really?
[Atty. Kim] My word.
[mysterious music playing]
[wind blows]
[envelope rustling]
[judge] First, I will announce
the result of the jury's deliberation.
Regarding the charges
of the seven jurors present.
Three found guilty,
four found not guilty, so not guilty.
-[man 1] Absurd!
-[man 2] I can't see…
[clamoring]
[man 3] This doesn't make sense.
[indistinct shouting]
[judge] Order. Order, order.
This court appreciates the opinion
of the jury and also respects
the jury's opinions.
It's time for the verdict.
Stand up.
Okay.
Formal adjudication.
The defendant…
is sentenced to two years imprisonment.
[relieved sigh]
[judge] The defendant
is ordered to complete
a 40-hour sexual offender rehabilitation
and behavioral correction program.
-The defendant's information…
-Noona.
…will be disseminated
through the national sex offender network
for five years.
-Am I…
-[judge] The defendant
-is ordered to restricted employment…
-Am I going to jail, noona?
…for five years from institutions
-and welfare facilities…
-Yes.
…related in any way, shape,
or form to people with disabilities.
[judge]
Grounds of judgment are as follows.
The crime, in this case,
is due to the defendant
engaging in indecent acts
-with the victim, who is unable…
-[mother] Hye-yeong.
…due to her intellectual disability.
-[judge] Considering the matter…
-[mother] Hye-yeong.
…it is deserving of a proper…
[mother] Hye-yeong, why are you crying?
Considering that the defendant seems
to have intentionally participated
in groups of people…
[mother] That guy who hurt you
is going to be punished.
Why are you crying?
-[Hye-yeong crying continues]
-[judge] And that, after the crime,
-the victim's intellectual disability…
-[mother] Hye-yeong.
…and anxiety seems
to have become even more severe.
[judge] Due to the nature of the crime,
the victim appears to have suffered
significant physical and mental trauma.
[Jun-ho] We're at the end. Apartment 607.
That's where Atty. Kwon and I live.
[Young-woo] Okay.
So…
Min-woo said he's coming home late.
Do you want to come in for a sec?
No, I'm tired,
so I wanna hurry back home, please.
Ah, okay.
Then let's head out now.
I'll walk you home. Let's go.
Hmm? Umm…
But that means there was no point
in me walking you home, was there?
The route's inefficient.
Dates are sometimes like that, though.
No meaning or efficiency but…
kind of foolish.
[snickers]
If you have a disability,
I think merely liking someone
isn't enough.
It's because even if I say it's love,
if other people say it's not, then…
then it's not love.
Are you talking about the case right now?
Um, I'm not sure if…
I mean, the case…
or just me.
[sighs]
Even if others say it's not,
if I say that it is,
then it's love.
[touching music playing]
Loving me…
is challenging.
Yeah.
It appears so.
[soft chuckle]
But you're still going to do it?
I am.
[light flickers off]
[titillating music playing]
[light flickers on]
[acoustic music playing]
[deep exhale]
Do your teeth…
normally touch each other
when people are kissing?
Uh, no.
[moans]
So then, what am I…
Oh…
[chuckles]
I think it would be better
if you open your mouth a bit more.
And your eyes…
close them a little bit more like this.
[romantic music playing]
[light flickers off]
[rustling]
[crunching]
-[door opens]
-[footsteps]
So sorry. We'll be…
[serious music playing]
[clinks]
Can I come in?
[chair slides]
How could you come here?
What if Young-woo sees you?
-[bag opens]
-[pamphlet rustles]
Taesan has an overseas office in Boston.
Go there with her.
Young-woo is at Hanbada.
Who are you to tell her where to go?
She's not at Taesan.
Gwang-ho, please.
You planned this with Seon-young?
It's obvious.
Giving Young-woo a job at Hanbada.
It's your attempt to finally take me down.
News flash. The world doesn't revolve
around you at all times.
Think I planned it?
Hanbada gave her the job
because she's outstanding.
Yes.
She is outstanding, sure.
Which is why I'm making this offer.
It's a great opportunity for her
to grow as a trial attorney.
You can convince her.
I'll make it happen,
so she can focus solely on her work
in the United States.
[scoffs]
You sure you're not trying to get her
as far away from you as you can
with all the campaigning you're doing now?
Young-woo.
Does she have a doctor or a therapist?
-What?
-She has autism.
Is there a professional
who takes exclusive care of her?
Every treatment Young-woo needed,
I gave her.
And she's doing fine
without doctors and all of that.
[scoffs]
Really?
It's not that you can't do enough for her?
[sighs]
It isn't too late yet
to create the best environment for her.
Treatment is more advanced there.
Autism awareness is better in the States.
[Su-mi] Do you have any idea
how many autism groups
are in Boston alone?
There are doctors and counselors
who specialize in autism
available to help her.
But here, she's… Young-woo's all alone.
Are you planning on just following her
around for the rest of her life?
She is my daughter.
Who are you to butt your nose in
and tell me what to do
after all these years?
You've been living a selfish life
without the decency to show your face.
And now, what?
[scoffs]
You've got some nerve, Su-mi.
You are such a hypocrite.
Did you forget our deal?
You would disappear
if I gave birth to Young-woo.
What am I supposed to think
of you breaking that promise
and coming back?
You're trying to get revenge on me
by using Young-woo, right?
Is it about money?
Are you just trying
to get money out of this?
Hey!
[clatters]
Get out.
Get out!
[serious music playing]
[yells]
[angry scream]
[Gwang-ho breathing deeply]
[sparkly music playing]
[Il-su] A couple of friends I know
pulled our money together
and we bought a few lottery tickets.
We had made an agreement.
If anyone of us won,
we would split it evenly.
That billion won could really help us out.
If someone were to get a divorce,
is that money divided also?
This is the first time
I constantly thought of someone,
so it's quite strange.